to be safe and not be able to get out
for hurt themselves in order to pull 10
to 12,000 pounds these have huge clits
on them so those horses can get traction
and then it digs in the ground like that
but Dave's been explained the procedure
he does to put the shoe on the worst
first of all you got to decide what you
you got this I don't know if you can see
it but the toe is laid out this is the
front shoe and this totals more straight
down and this is a back shoot a drive
towards to pull on his toes in the front
and in the back there pull flat-footed
so that's that's the reason for the
difference in design because the prep
foot goes like this and the back is flat
that's interesting on a draft horse the
biggest problem with these things is you
hurt their tendons the front tendons and
their back tendons in their hawks so
we're trimming or showing one you want
to leave all of here you can leave and
pull the seat back as far as you can and
when you do that when you when you leave
all the hearing you can and you pull the
chute back as far as you can you elevate
the hills and lower the toe and they'll
take a shorter stride you don't want to
drive towards to over stride too far
because they can't its pitch momentum
they can't keep their momentum if you'll
take a short stroke they got they have
more power I noticed today that Dave did
something that I have been wanting to do
as a non-professional farrier but I
didn't know I could so here's dave's tip
i just use a regular 16 ounce roofing
hammer it's less strokes less times you
hit the nail and it's it's lesson less
invasive on your elbow on your children
and a real theory or hammer that you're
supposed to use is a little tiny hammer
it has a little metal head on it and it
has a little short handle and I've never
been comfortable with one of those and
now that I see Dave uses a regular
hammer that's what I'm going to do in
the future well I want to give a big
thank you to David and Denise for
letting us come and show us around their
homestead here in Kentucky off to
florida we go
we are back from the farm that was fun
Thank You Denise and David now what
we're going to do is read a couple
letters from some of my viewers this
first letter is from Todd who is an
administrator at the community building
initiative in Chicago and Todd rights
thanks for the video I'm building a
small chicken killed are you in a warm
climate do you have predators trying to
dig under the fence well we are in a
warm climate because we live in north
Florida and we did have a problem with I
think it was a raccoon trying to dig
under the fence but how we solve that
problem was really easy we cut like a
one foot piece of wire and the wall of
the chicken coop came down and we just
simply attached that flat on the ground
to the PVC pipe so the predator would be
standing on the wire and couldn't dig
and they weren't smart enough to lift it
up with their nose and get under it and
a so that works out perfectly and it was
an easy fix thanks Todd this next letter
is from Erica she writes hi Becky I just
love your series I happily subscribed
can't wait to see more your log cabin
series reawakens my love of log cabins
I'm 22 and have started the planning for
home ownership and I love the idea of a
log cabin kit what pride you must feel
about building your own home it must be
great well Erica a log cabin kit has
worked out really really well for us I
am the primary builder so a girl can do
it and it's not a problem so I encourage
you to go ahead and save and get your
kit okay this next letter is from Joanne
and she writes I've been interested in
home studying for years but as a single
woman don't want to go too far out in a
rural area things are very difficult
financially right now but I'm trying to
save a little to buy some land and build
a cabin I wanted to buy some land in a
warmer
I live in New Jersey so I could garden
year around I'm growing some lettuce
spinach and parsley indoors under grow
lights it seems like areas where the
prices are lower have no water or
electrical hookups or are extremely cold
do you have any temperate areas you can
recommend to look for land which don't
get hammered with hurricanes tornados
pollution and in scorpions okay let me
add try to answer these questions one by
one first of all that you're a single
woman I think that's fine Joanne I think
it still accomplished a lot so just take
your time and read make sure you educate
yourself before you tackle a project I'm
sure you'll do fine next I wanted to
answer the question about land and the
cheaper land not having water or power
on them already and that's fine too
Joanne because that's exactly how we
purchased our property it didn't come
with excuse me any well or power on it
so you know a lot of times when you're a
homesteader you have to take things step
by step especially if you don't have a
lot of money in the end it worked out
fine for us so I'm sure it will for you
too um as far as recommending land I
mean everybody is so different and what
they need and want the only thing I
think was a good idea is choosing
somewhere warmer where you could garden
year round I think that's a great idea
for a homesteader I have a little story
to tell you because Gloria talks about
not wanting land were there scorpions
and pollution and hurricane when we
first came to our property we were
walking around looking at it and of
course it was all wood and unbeknownst
to me a scorpion crawl that my pants
invent me in the belly button so I
almost had a fit when that happened I
was screaming and yelling and trying to
get the thing off me I'm sure the
neighbors thought the new lady was crazy
and after that we were living in this
really really ratty old camper it was
just a little pop-up that we had
borrowed
from a friend of ours well early early
in the morning my son was sleeping on
one side in my husband and I were
sleeping on the other my husband had
gone off to work in my son just called
me in the most terrifying voice he's
like mom so I jump up of course and I
run over there because we all know our
kids voice when they're in trouble so I
go over there and I said what and he
said there's a snake on me and I'm
looking but it's kind of dark still it
was just barely dawn and like kind of
leaning over and I'm saying where he was
afraid to move he was stiff as a corpse
and he said right there so when I leaned
over a little further I saw the snake
head was literally like looking at him
it was his face and the snake looking
right at him so by me leaning over
though it had frightened the snake and
it was about a four-foot snake and it
had crawled away somewhere to the camper
so if you want to be a homesteader and
kind of start from scratch you will have
little interesting things to deal with
we did end up looking up at the library
I did what kind of snake it was and it
was just a harmless Florida pine rat
snake so we did go to bed the next night
not being too worried about it well
thanks for all your letters and it's
nice to hear from everybody happy
homesteading fine
I'm here with David Denise's husband and
he is here working on a heavy horse so
I'm just going to ask him a few
questions about the drops and um I
forgot the first question what was it